---
title: "End of Year Note to Self"
date: 2024-01-02 21:13:00 -0500
categories: []
tags: []
---

Hello hello.

I was partially inspired to start these blogs (notes?) after seeing someone else's, but at the moment I'm not too sure
what I am going to write in these. For now, I'm going to keep these as periodic notes to myself, and may end up publicizing them later.

To start with some introspection:

2023 was a pretty solid year overall. My goal has been to keep as much of an open-minded and positive outlook as possible, which I think has been good in the long run. Starting from my sophomore year (a bit leaking into 2022), I was able to meet a lot of new people, make core memories, learn a lot of math and cs, and maintain my GPA enough. Right now though, I'm definitely a bit more stressed than at the start of 2023 because it feels like I have a lot to deal with this year. I am very concerned with doing enough to have a strong grad school application, but at the same time there's a lot of non-academic things I would like to do within the last 1.5 years of my undergrad.

Here are some broad goals for the 2024 year: I wrote these a few months ago so not all of it is still an active goal (in particular, I'm done with strength training), but in general most of it is applicable.

Basic:

- Get published in ICML/AISTATS/ICLR
- Bench 225 (not active)
- Run sub 7 minute mile
- \##
- 2300 Codeforces

Harder:

- First author
- 1000 total (not active)
- Run sub 6:30 minute mile
- \##
- 2400 Codeforces

I don't expect to finish all of these goals, but the general metric I am aiming for is 3/5+ of the basics and 1/5+ of the harder ones.

Hopefully, I'll be able to get access to a Schoenberg practice room in Winter quarter. Would be really nice to be able to play when I'm stressed out with schoolwork or disappointed with something. Here's a list of pieces I'd like to sightread/learn:

- Nocturne op 48 no 2
- Scherzo no 2
- Polonaise in E flat major
